site   = white on black
home   = black on white
port   = black on silver
menu   = black on coral

heading  = center, large
title    = center, medium
subtitle = center, small
memo     = center, x-small

streamer = left, large
label    = left, medium
sublabel = left, small
tag      = left, x-small

legend   = right, large
link     = right, medium
sublink  = right, small
flag     = right, x-small

A.homelabel
A.homelabel.hover

**CHANGES**
menuheading  = porttitle
menu         = homelabel
menulink     = homelabel

guideheading = portsubtitle
guide        = porttag

maintitle    = sitestreamer
mainhdr      = sitelabel
maintxt      = sitesublabel
mainlink     = sitelink
mainheading  = siteheading
main         = sitelabel
mainlabel    = sitestreamer

reporttitle  = portheading
reporthdr    = portlabel
reporttxt    = portsublabel
reporteven   = reporteven
reportodd    = reportodd

textheading  = portheading
text         = homestreamer
textlist     = homeheading

dataheading  = portlabel
data         = homesublabel

/textlabel -> guideheading
/textguide -> guide
/sheader   -> dataheading
/sbody     -> data

